feat: uniform layout and naming of hints, remarks, exceptions (#660) (#860)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/api-operation.adoc

for <<219, component-internal>> APIs, we recommend doing so to profit from 
our API management infrastructure and review services.

As described in https://cloud.docs.zalando.net/howtos/api-publishing/[How to publish API Specifications (internal_link)],
an API specification is published with the deployment of the implementing service
by copying it to the reserved `/zalando-apis` directory. The directory must only
contain _self-contained YAML files_ that each describe one API (exception see <<234>>).

> TIP: We prefer this deployment artifact-based method over the old

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Historic information: We prefer this deployment artifact-based method over the old
```

`.well-known/schema-discovery` service endpoint-based publishing process
(which still is supported for backward compatibility).

> NOTE: In our dynamic and complex service infrastructure, it is important

Reviewer: Let's revert this change.

to provide API client developers a central place with online access to the API
specifications of all running applications. As a part of the infrastructure,
the API publishing process is used to detect API specifications and to make it
discoverable via
https://sunrise.zalando.net/apis?group=all[Sunrise (internal_link)] and the
https://apis.zalando.net/[API Portal (internal_link)].

> NOTE: APIs are discoverable only for recently running services. Hence, make sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: APIs are discoverable only for recently running services. Hence, make sure
```
